# Homework 06

For your 6th homework you will create a quiz app similar to "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?". The app must ask a user 15 questions. The questions should be fetched from [Open Trivia DB](https://opentdb.com/api_config.php) API. Use their config helper to get the desired arhitecture. Or you can fetch 15 questions at the start of the game, in which case you just use this [URL](https://opentdb.com/api.php?amount=15) and forget about the config. You can show off your development skills and free time and fetch a new question, once a user correctly answers the previous one. Or take categories into account.

Requirements:
- It must be a TypeScript React App
- You must use styled components

Any additional features are up to you. You can add lifelines (Croatian: džokeri), retreat from game, user statistics, anything you want. If you have time. If you don't, just make an app displaying 15 questions which user can answer and get feedback if their answer is correct.

To fetch your questions, you can use classic useState + useEffect with fetch, or you can use [useSWRImmutable](https://swr.vercel.app/docs/revalidation#disable-automatic-revalidations) hook. Both are fine, as you likely won't need all the nice stuff SWR offers.

Note: if you haven't already, I strongly advise you to install [styled-components extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=styled-components.vscode-styled-components) for VSC.

## Grading system

### Homework goal

The main goal of this homework is to practice React with styled components. Basically to write code, to architect and refactor your app, to follow conventions, to find and solve bugs. By doing this, you will be prepared to create a good final project.

View this homework as an opportunity to build something in React and get feedback, rather than a task you must complete.

Again, we will not be nitpicking when it comes to design of your homework. But this time you might receive some useful design suggestions in the final review. Focus on making sure your application works as you intended, without (m)any bugs. If it looks great, fantastic, and if it doesn't, that's still fine.

### Baseline tasks: 20 points

The baseline tasks "should" be quite simple: track & fetch questions, display current question, allow user to respond, provide feedback. 15 times.

**My suggestion is you solve baseline tasks first and then focus on design or additional features.**

### Additional features: 15 points

Any feature that you implement on top of the requirements will be rewarded with some amount of points. Max. number of points you can achieve with extra features is 15.

## Peer review

Your solution will be peer-reviewed by your colleagues, so make sure that it works. Everyone will definitely run your app before even looking at the codebase.

All students will have access to all submitted homeworks, but only a few will be tasked to review your homework.

### FAQ

- May I use Tailwind, Bootstrap or MUI? It is allowed to use any of them as a UI kit, but it must be styled via styled components. Your mileage my wary, but it seems like too much work for too few gains for me.
- Should I use some kind of routing, e.g. react-router? It is not forbidden, but given the expected complexity of the app, the practical use of it is limited.

Deadline: May 10th, 1PM

Estimation: 5 hours - 2 days
