# Homework 02

Your first programming homework is to create a simple web page in plain HTML & CSS. 
How it looks visually is up to you and we won't grade visual style, but we encourage you to make it at least a bit aesthetically pleasing.

There are ***5 tasks***, two of which are extra, in this homework. 
To pass complete this homework you **must earn a passing grade on 3 basic tasks**. 
To earn a passing grade on a task, your solution should reasonably complete the requirements in the task. We ill not be nitpicking, and we do not expect perfect solution, but make it reasonably okay.

Each task has a number of points to it, the points are there for our overview of the quality of your homeworks in the academy and have nothing to do with passing the task or not. 


> It is important to note - You can pass with less than 50% on each task.

## Basic tasks are as follows:


### :one: Form
(5 points)

The body of the page should contain a form which has: 
  * Inputs for
    * an email
    * a password 
    * and a text sentence. 
  * Submit button
    - [x] but it shouldn't do anything particular, just submit the data to "nowhere" for now.


Basically, something like a login form with an additional input. You can find inspiration [here](Facebook_login.png). 

---

### :two: Page Header - Desktop
(5 points) 

On desktop the page should have a header (top menu) containing:
  * a few dummy buttons
  * your custom page logo
    * logo should also be created using only ***html/css or svg***, e.g.:
      * div element having background and border radius to create a circle
      * or if you know what svg is and how to add it, you can use it 

> The point is: ***It should not be an image.*** Play around if you want, or just make it simple, like a text in a box. 

To find inspiration, you can always look on other's examples of header menu, check out [this website](https://elementor.com/blog/website-header-design/).

---

### :three: Page Header - Mobile
(5 points) 

On mobile, the desktop header should be hidden, but your page should have a bottom navigation 


You can find inspiration similar on next examples
* [this one](https://m2.material.io/components/bottom-navigation) from matrial design
* [mobile YouTube](https://www.youtube.com) version
* [mobile Twitter](https://twitter.com/home) versions

---


## Two additional tasks are closely related, you need to expand both menus:

1. (5 points) On desktop menu, you should add a button which expands additional menu which goes **over main the content of the page**. You can see an example of this on [Sofascore's](https://www.sofascore.com/) desktop web when you click [the settings button on the desktop version of the page](Sofascore_settings.png).
2. (5 points + 5 points) On mobile menu, you should add a button which expands additional menu over it. Depending on how you implement this, you can also add **intro** animation, if possible. An example of this you can find in YouTube mobile app, the (+) button in the middle of [bottom navigation](YouTubeMobile_closed.jpg) which opens an additional [bottom sheet](YouTubeMobile_open.jpg).

How to even complete additional tasks in plain HTML+CSS without JS or anything else? Check out how we used checkbox checked in positionTransition.html example from lecture 2.

# Requirements

All homeworks must be in the GitHub repository you have created for your first assignment. Each must be in its separate folder (naming e.g. hw02, homework2, ...). You must create a git branch for each homework, add your commits on that new branch, and once you have finished it, create a pull request and **add me as a reviewer**.

What is a pull request and how to create it:
- https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests
- https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request

Estimated duration: 3 hours - 2 days, depending on how complex you want to make it
